today Kevin and I are going to be trying
these hostess cupcakes these are
all-natural orange flavored cake frosted
orange flavored cake with creamy filling
now the last one review that we did that
involved hostess neither one of us were
really impressed with the cakes and then
I got two comments one was from Armand
and ones from the dead walk that their
favorite hostess cake is the orange
cakes and so I thought you know what
I've never had the orange cake
I honestly to be completely honest I
have seen this box before and walked
past it because I thought it was the
same cake and it was just colored orange
I didn't know it had an orange flavor so
I figured I've not tried the orange cake
and if it's that good then if it's your
favorite then I'm willing to try it it
was only 250 at Walmart which I don't
think is that bad there are eight cakes
so if you eat one at a time that's eight
desserts each cake is 180 calories here
individually wrapped they're 1/8 and
we're gonna have one so that you can see
in the middle oh it smells good it
smells orange doesn't show you what the
cake looks like I don't pack well to be
fair this box was in the box was a
little battered and it was the last one
on the shelf so I thought I'm gonna keep
it
is the frosting or the filling I want to
try to get the goodness in the middle
it's a dense cake not really strong once
them honestly the orange I think it's
just on the frosting on the top okay I
hate to admit I was wrong
then I won't write off all hostess I
like that a lot I think that's really
really really good it's okay mm-hmm oh
no problem is that that has a think as
this is like a Twinkie which is really
dense and firm I don't necessarily like
that as much as just a regular a true
cupcake but they're good that one does
have a better flavor as far as the
orange goes I'll tell you what I like
about it and I don't know why the orange
would make a difference but the icing on
the top the frosting seems to have a
sweeter take a flavor a more sugary
flavor that orange just really does
something to it and I also like that
it's a firm layer of frosting some of
the hostess it's hit or miss and for
this it has a firmer lighter so that
your teeth go down a night and then I
like the cake I like the flavor of the
middle part the cream I like those a lot
we will be keeping those I won't let
Kevin take those to work with the the
round belong cakes they remind me of the
long cakes just than one flavor instead
of an LFO they were much better than a
lot of toppers
yeah no the chocolate cake I remember
crown one of those chocolate cupcakes
and it had a waxy greasy feel the
chocolate did which these do not thanks
so so
is much better than the right okay I'm
over I guess so maybe I'm just not a
really big cupcake cake eater hostess
eater but they were good it's awesome
how easy all the time that they were
yeah they were very good so thank you
because I love them thank you for
telling me about them and tell me that
they were your favorite because I would
have never tried them and also I would
have noticed that they weren't different
that they were a different flavor I just
thought they were a different color well
the only thing that's different flavors
is frosting the cake itself is exact
same well I think that makes a huge
difference you know it paints the whole
cupcake with that orange and you know
not just the top
so hopefully you enjoyed this and thanks
for watching